Update April/May/June/July Office add-in community call (#1887)
pnp/blog: content/office-add-ins-community-call/2024-05-08/index.md

* **Outlook Add-ins Updates.** [Rashi Jindal](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jindalrashi), Senior Product Manager at Microsoft.
* **Word add-ins update.** [Steve Jin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-jin-61b08011), Senior Product Manager at Microsoft.
* **Nested App Auth: A Simpler SSO Solution for WXP Add-ins.** [Steve Jin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-jin-61b08011), Senior Product Manager at Microsoft and [David Chesnut](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidpchesnut) Senior Technical Writer​ at Microsoft.
* **Q&A.** [Mingjia Liu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mingjia-liu-90a69a24a/), Product Manager at Microsoft.

{{< youtube LKf73ZEa_yY >}}

## View video segments

* Introduction [00:00]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=0)
* Outlook Add-ins Updates [01:54]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=114)
* Word add-ins update [19:12]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=1152)
* Nested App Auth: A Simpler SSO Solution for WXP Add-ins [31:30]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=1890)
* Q&A [40:16]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=2416)
* Resources [41:48]( https://youtu.be/LKf73ZEa_yY?t=2508)

## Resources related to this blog's content
Outlook Add-ins Updates

> * [Office Add-ins with the unified app manifest for Microsoft 365](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/develop/unified-manifest-overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Office Add-ins with the unified app manifest for Microsoft 365](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/unified-manifest-overview)
```

> * [Build an Outlook add-in with the unified manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/quickstarts/outlook-quickstart-json-manifest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Build an Outlook add-in with the unified manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/quickstarts/outlook-quickstart-json-manifest)
```

> * [Create Office Add-in projects using Teams Toolkit](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/develop/teams-toolkit-overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Create Office Add-in projects using Teams Toolkit](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/teams-toolkit-overview)
```

> * [Convert xml to json manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Convert xml to json manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest)
```

Dev tools update for WXP add-ins
* [Share insights and experiences on autorun user scenarios for Word JS Add-ins](https://aka.ms/WordJSAutorun)

Nested App Auth: A Simpler SSO Solution for WXP Add-ins
* [Preview documentation on NAA](https://aka.ms/NAADocs)

## Q&A (Question & Answers)

**Is there any way to check no of user installed the office.js PowerPoint admin-managed add-in which is deployed using Integrated apps deployment? If we don't have option in Office 365 admin center, can you recommend some way to check this in machine level (mac) through script?**

> We do not have any dashboards to track which users are acquiring the apps for themselves. However, admin can run following cmdlet on all user mailbox to get list of add-in deployed for the user. This will help admins get list of which apps are deployed and to which users. [Get-App (ExchangePowerShell) | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/get-app?view=exchange-ps) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't have any dashboards to track which users are acquiring the apps for themselves. However, admins can run the following cmdlet on all user mailbox to get list of add-ins deployed for the user. This will help admins get list of which apps are deployed and to which users. For more info, see [Get-App (ExchangePowerShell)](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/get-app?view=exchange-ps) 
```
